= redis_logger-web

Web interface for browsing log entries from redis_logger.

== Version

Version 0.1.0

== Installation

You will need the redis_logger gem installed and logging added to your app. You'll also need Sinatra.

Download this code and install somewhere, then just run the server:

  cd redis_logger-web/bin
  ruby redislogger-web

That will start the server and load the overview page in your browser.

== Known Issues

1. Viewing the intersection of multiple groups is limited currently to just the most recent 100
   entries. See redis_logger for more details about why this is.
2. Display of the entries could be nicer-looking, and will be soon. Need to find a way to make an
   arbitrary number of hash key/value pairs look nice and readable.
3. Next up is adding export capability in order to download a nice CSV of entries for analysis.
4. Need to add live polling capability in order to be able to sit on the page for a group and have
   new entries appear as it refreshes.
5. Should add a "Clear" button to clear all the entries from a group.

== Contributing

This is very young and simple thus far. If you have some cool ideas, go for it, give it a try, if it seems
good to you then get in touch and we'll see about merging it in.

* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)
* Send me a pull request. Bonus points for topic branches.

== Author

Note: The basis for this app is the great resque-web app by @defunkt. I stole that code and just
modified it for this, so all credit should go to him. Thx.

Mason Jones ~~~ stuff@charnel.com ~~~ @masonoise
